Social.Water -- a python software package to acquire measurements sent
by citizen-scientists via text messages.
Version 1.1 --- March 13, 2013

Documentation:
Fienen, M.N., and Lowry, C.S., 2012, Social.Water-A crowdsourcing tool for environmental data acquisition. Computers & Geosciences 49, 164-169, doi:10.1016/j.cageo.2012.06.015.
Lowry, C. S. and Fienen, M. N., 2013,  CrowdHydrology: Crowdsourcing Hydrologic Data and Engaging Citizen Scientists. Ground Water 51, 151-156, doi:10.1111/j.1745-6584.2012.00956.x.

GENERAL USE
The driver program is src/sw_driver.py

An xml configuration file must be created to provide information about a specific site and related email account.
The file src/EXAMPLE_social.water.xml shows the format of such a configuration file.

To run the program, navigate to the src directory and run:
python sw_driver.py EXAMPLE_social.water.xml

The specific name of the xml file is provided as a command line argument as in the above example.

The remaining codes and directory structure must remain as they are. The html and csv files in place are from 
the CrowdHydrology paper and included as examples - they should all be removed prior to deployment on another
project.

Contact Mike Fienen < mnfienen (at) usgs [dot] gov >


DISCLAIMER and NOTICE
Please refer to the USGS Software User Rights Notice (http://water.usgs.gov/software/help/notice/) for complete use, copyright, and distribution information. The USGS provides no warranty, expressed or implied, as to the correctness of the furnished software or the suitability for any purpose. The software has been tested, but as with any complex software, there could be undetected errors. Users who find errors are requested to report them to the USGS.

References to non-USGS products, trade names, and (or) services are provided for information purposes only and do not constitute endorsement or warranty, express or implied, by the USGS, U.S. Department of Interior, or U.S. Government, as to their suitability, content, usefulness, functioning, completeness, or accuracy.
